High-Level Goal

I want to build a simple search tool for stock ticker suffixes. The purpose is to let users type in a suffix (e.g., .uw, .se, .mc) and instantly see what that suffix means — the country, the exchange, and other basic info.

Key Requirements

Input/Query:

A small search bar or input box where the user can type or select a suffix (e.g., .uw).

Should work for exact suffix matches (not fuzzy searching).

Output/Display:

Present a clean UI card or table that shows:

Suffix

Country (e.g., .se → Sweden)

Exchange (e.g., .mc → Madrid Stock Exchange)

Notes/extra info if available

Data Source:

I already have the mapping of suffixes → country/exchange from Bloomberg.

The tool doesn’t need to connect to Bloomberg directly. It just needs to use a static JSON or dictionary that I’ll provide (with suffixes as keys).

Simplicity:

This isn’t a trading tool, just a reference lookup.

A single-page app with a search bar and results panel is enough.

Suggested Structure

Frontend:

Search input (user types .se, .mc, etc.).

Display panel with suffix info.

Backend / Data Handling:

JSON or dictionary file containing mappings like:

{
  ".uw": { "country": "United States", "exchange": "NASDAQ" },
  ".se": { "country": "Sweden", "exchange": "Stockholm Exchange" },
  ".mc": { "country": "Spain", "exchange": "Madrid Stock Exchange" }
}


Simple function to search the mapping and return the result.

Example Interaction

User action: Types .mc in the search box.
Tool response: Shows a card with:

Suffix: .mc

Country: Spain

Exchange: Madrid Stock Exchange

Implementation Notes

Since this is for Replit, you can:

Use Python with Flask/FastAPI for backend + static JSON mapping.

Or make it pure HTML/JS/CSS with a hardcoded JSON object in JavaScript for instant lookup.

Keep the UI minimal: just a search box and result card.

👉 If you give your copilot this structured explanation, it will know:

What the tool does (purpose).

What data it works with (static mapping of suffixes).

How it should look (search input + results card).

What not to do (no Bloomberg integration, no real-time trading).

Would you like me to also draft a ready-to-run Replit example (say, a small Python + Flask app or a vanilla HTML/JS app) so you can paste it directly and test?